feat(setup/advanced/kubernetes): document how to resolve names for local services (#151)
qdm12/gluetun-wiki: setup/advanced/kubernetes.md

**Credits to [@kvangent](https://github.com/kvangent)**

See the [original issue #2521 comment which resolved this](https://github.com/qdm12/gluetun/issues/2521#issuecomment-2453592258)

> ## Networking for reverse proxies running on the local network when using Unbound

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Networking for reverse proxies running on the local network when using Gluetun's DNS

```

Some configurations might require interacting with a service that is running behind a reverse proxy on the local network,

> this can be accomplished without adding a public DNS record by using the `hostAliases` directive and configuring some environmental variables for the gluetun pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want Gluetun to be able to access a service running behind a reverse proxy on your local network, you can use the `hostAliases` directive and configure some Gluetun options to do so.
```

- Provide a [hostAliases](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/network/customize-hosts-file-for-pods/#adding-additional-entries-with-hostaliases) directive that maps the provided domain(s) to an IP address for the entire pod.

> - Define the appropriate [FIREWALL_OUTBOUND_SUBNETS](../options/firewall.md) environmental variable to unblock the appropriate subnet(s) in the firewall.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Define the appropriate [`FIREWALL_OUTBOUND_SUBNETS`](../options/firewall.md) environmental variable to unblock the appropriate subnet(s) in Gluetun.
```

> - Define the appropriate [UNBLOCK](../options/dns.md) environmental variable to leave the desired domain(s) unblocked with Unbound.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Define the appropriate [`DNS_REBINDING_PROTECTION_EXEMPT_HOSTNAMES`](../options/dns.md) to leave the desired domains unblocked.
```

> It is important to note that wildcard domains are not supported in the `/etc/hosts` file, so a `hostAlias` must be configured for each individual domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wildcard domains are not supported in `/etc/hosts`, so a `hostAlias` must be configured for each individual domain.

Note DNS tools such as `nslookup` won't resolve your names defined in `/etc/hosts`, bu the OS and tools using the OS DNS system will, such as `curl` for example.
```

> An example `Deployment`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example deployment:
```

```yml
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
  # ... 
spec:
  # ...  
    spec:
      hostAliases:
        - ip: "192.168.13.37"
          hostnames:
            - "example.org"
            - "subdomain1.example.org"
        - ip: "192.168.13.38"
          hostnames:
            - "subdomain2.example.org"
      containers:
        - name: gluetun

>           image: qmcgaw/gluetun

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          image: ghcr.io/qdm12/gluetun
```

          securityContext:
            capabilities:
              add: [ "NET_ADMIN" ]
          env:
            - name: FIREWALL_OUTBOUND_SUBNETS
              value: "192.168.13.37/32,192.168.13.38/32"

>             - name: UNBLOCK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            - name: DNS_REBINDING_PROTECTION_EXEMPT_HOSTNAMES
```
